game: Metal Slug 2 - Super Vehicle-001/II
file: mslug2.zip
developer: SNK
publisher: SNK
genre: Shooter, Shooter / Run And Gun, Platform, Platform / Shooter Scrolling
description:
  As Marco, Eri, Tarma, or Fio, you must defeat the evil General Morden and his
  henchman. To do this, you must defeat various enemies that get in your way.
  Throughout the game, you can collect new weapons including the Heavy Machine
  Gun, Shot Gun, Rocket Launcher, Flame Shot, Laser Shot, Flame Bottles, and Armor
  Piercer. Also scattered throughout the game, you can ride in  four different
  vehicles (aka: Slugs) such as the Metal Slug, Slug Flyer, Camel Slug, and
  SlugNoid. By using these vehicles, you can cause awesome destruction against
  Morden's evil army. Other items such as energy, extra ammunition, and food (eat
  too much and your player will gain weight) are also found throughout the game.
release: 1998-04-02
players: 2
x-id: 37605


game: Metal Slug 3
file: mslug3.zip
developer: SNK
publisher: SNK
genre: Shooter, Shooter / Run And Gun, Platform, Platform / Shooter Scrolling
description:
  In the third installment of the Metal Slug series, General Morden is back and he
  plans to establish a new world order. You guide one of the heroes: Marco, Tarma,
  Eri or Fio as they blast their way through sidescrolling levels with a unique
  theme, filled with countless enemies and difficult bosses. You have to free
  hostages and you can ride bizarre vehicles such as camels, elephants, tanks and
  robots.
  .
  In the Xbox version, additional game modes, such as Storming the Mothership and
  Chubby Isle Paradiso, can be unlocked upon completing the five arcade stages. A
  co-op mode has been included, but no online multiplayer. The only Xbox Live
  feature available allows you to compare singleplayer scores.
release: 2001-09-17
players: 2
x-id: 13852


game: Metal Slug 4
file: mslug4.zip
developer: MEGA Enterprise
publisher: SNK
genre: Shooter, Shooter / Run And Gun, Platform, Platform / Shooter Scrolling
description:
  The 5th episode of the most famous arcade-shooting-series comes bringing the
  unaltered classic gameplay, a new weapon, 6 new vehicles as well as 2 new
  soldiers for the pantheon. The most notable introduction to the series is the
  Metalish System, giving to the player a new possibility to score more points:
  after pick up certain shield-shape emblems, a timer bar will be displayed at the
  top of the screen. During this time, you must to shoot rapidly as many enemies
  as possible and, depending on your acting, you will receive a corresponding
  badge bonus that will be added to your score after completing it. When you die,
  the bonus wears off.
release: 2002-06-12
players: 2
x-id: 37606